Mr. Gao
Didn't your son become a vegetable?
Can't a vegetative person marry a wife?
Do you think this is okay?
I am willing to compensate Mr. Canopy for his medical expenses
As long as you let go of the blood strip
It is also possible to compensate for medical expenses.
At least ten million
So much money, marry your daughter to my son
Not much. Not much.
Ten million is ten million
I won't give a penny
Dad?
Gao Yulin
It's really our Zhang family, not your Gao family.
It's not your turn to be presumptuous here
Hum Zhang Xiaotian
Believe it or not, I will destroy your Zhang family with one word
Be careful sir, he is very strong
Sir, you saw it too
Even Long Wu is no match for that person
Do you want our Zhang family to
Is it really because of this waste of supper?
Hahaha Zhang Xiaotian ah Zhang Xiaotian
Or listen to your wife
Be a shrinking turtle
Tiger Eagle
Kneel down on that kid's legs
I bound the supper
I'd like to see who dares to move